codec: guess response pdu length for custom fns (#346)
slowtec/tokio-modbus: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Decoding of responses: Guess response length for custom function codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking change (behavior): Guess response length for custom function codes instead of returning an error.
```

Reviewer: Could we be even more specific about how the behavior has changed for users of this crate?

See also: https://github.com/slowtec/tokio-modbus/issues/350#issuecomment-3414353993

Author: I'd be interested to hear the use cases for relying on frame errors on custom responses in an application, but technically it's true that the behavior has changed. 

Maybe something along the lines of

> Custom function response PDU lengths are calculated by subtracting the mandatory ADU field lengths (unit=1byte, crc=2bytes) from the Modbus ADU frame length.

Reviewer: That's probably too much technical details about how it is actually implemented.

Then let's stick to "... instead of returning an error." as I proposed. This will hopefully be enough to decide if and how the changed behavior affects your use case.
